[[2.2 Learn HTML - Elements|<<Back]]

7 min

One of the most popular elements in HTML is the `<div>` element. [`<div>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/div?page_ref=catalog) is short for “division” or a container that divides the page into sections. These sections are very useful for grouping elements in your HTML together.

```
<body>  
	<div>    
		<h1>Why use divs?</h1>    
		<p>Great for grouping elements!</p>  
	</div>
</body>
```

`<div>`s don’t inherently have a visual representation, but they are very useful when we want to apply custom styles to our HTML elements. `<div>`s allow us to group HTML elements to apply the same styles for all HTML elements inside. We can also style the `<div>` element as a whole. You can see how this can be done in the [Learn CSS](https://www.codecademy.com/learn/learn-css) course.

`<div>`s can contain any text or other HTML elements, such as links, images, or videos. Remember to always add two spaces of indentation when you nest elements inside of `<div>`s for better readability.

### Instructions

1. Checkpoint 1 Passed
    
    1.
    
    Below the `<h1>` heading that says `The Brown Bear`, add an opening `<div>` tag.
    
    Place the closing `</div>` tag after the `<h3>` element that says `Features`.
    
    Remember to use your space bar to add two spaces of indentation when you nest elements.
    
    Stuck? Get a hint
    
2. Checkpoint 2 Passed
    
    2.
    
    Above the `<h2>` element that says `Habitat`, add an opening `<div>` tag.
    
    Close the `</div>` tag after the `<h3>` element that says `Countries with Small Brown Bear Populations`.
    
3. Checkpoint 3 Passed
    
    3.
    
    Above the `<h2>` element that says `Media`, add an opening `<div>` tag.
    
    Place the closing `</div>` tag right above the closing `</body>` tag.

[[2.2 Learn HTML - Elements|<<Back]]