[[2.2 Learn HTML - Elements|<<Back]]

8 min

Headings in HTML are similar to headings in other types of media. For example, in newspapers, large headings are typically used to capture a reader’s attention. Other times, headings are used to describe content, like the title of a movie or an educational article.

HTML follows a similar pattern. In HTML, there are six different _headings_, or _heading elements_. [Headings](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/headings?page_ref=catalog) can be used for a variety of purposes, like titling sections, articles, or other forms of content.

The following is the list of heading elements available in HTML. They are ordered from largest to smallest in size.

1. `<h1>` — used for main headings. All other smaller headings are used for subheadings.
2. `<h2>`
3. `<h3>`
4. `<h4>`
5. `<h5>`
6. `<h6>`

The following example code uses a headline intended to capture a reader’s attention. It uses the largest heading available, the main heading element:

```
<h1>BREAKING NEWS</h1>
```

### Instructions

1. Checkpoint 1 Passed
    
    1.
    
    Now that you know how to structure HTML elements, we’ll spend the rest of the lesson building an informational website using some of the most common HTML elements. We’ve put some elements in to get you started, but you’ll write the rest of the page on your own.
    
    Below the `<h3>` heading that says `Features`, add an `<h2>` heading that says `Habitat`.
    
    Hint
    
    To create a heading, wrap your text in heading **opening** and **closing tags**. For example, to create an `<h1>` heading that said “My Site”, write the following :
    
    ```
    <h1>My Site</h1>
    ```
    
2. Checkpoint 2 Passed
    
    2.
    
    Below the `Habitat` heading, add an `<h3>` heading that says `Countries with Large Brown Bear Populations`.
    
3. Checkpoint 3 Passed
    
    3.
    
    On the next line, add one more `<h3>` heading that says `Countries with Small Brown Bear Populations`.
    
4. Checkpoint 4 Passed
    
    4.
    
    Finally, on the next line add an `<h2>` heading that says `Media`.

[[2.2 Learn HTML - Elements|<<Back]]